#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.5.0
    # via starlette
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via uvicorn
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   visions
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
black==22.1.0
    # via ipython
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   black
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==2.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   yellowbrick
dask[dataframe]==2022.2.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
deap==1.3.1
    # via tpot
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distributed==2022.2.0
    # via featuretools
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.2
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.74.1
    # via rest-model-service
featuretools==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.29.1
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2022.2.0
    # via dask
h11==0.13.0
    # via uvicorn
heapdict==1.0.1
    # via zict
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imagehash==4.2.1
    # via visions
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.9.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pandas-profiling
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tpot
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
kaggle==1.5.12
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
locket==0.2.1
    # via partd
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   pandas-profiling
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   yellowbrick
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
missingno==0.5.0
    # via pandas-profiling
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
ml-base==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rest-model-service
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via distributed
multimethod==1.7
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclient==0.5.11
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==2.6.3
    # via visions
notebook==6.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   dask
    #   deap
    #   featuretools
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tpot
    #   visions
    #   xgboost
    #   yellowbrick
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   matplotlib
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   featuretools
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   tpot
    #   visions
pandas-profiling==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.2.0
    # via dask
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phik==0.12.0
    # via pandas-profiling
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
platformdirs==2.5.1
    # via black
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.9.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   ml-base
    #   pandas-profiling
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==6.1.0
    # via kaggle
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.2.0
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   rest-model-service
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.2.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.0.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   update-checker
rest-model-service==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tpot
    #   yellowbrick
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   featuretools
    #   imagehash
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   tpot
    #   xgboost
    #   yellowbrick
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   imagehash
    #   kaggle
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
stack-data==0.2.0
    # via ipython
starlette==0.17.1
    # via fastapi
stopit==1.1.2
    # via tpot
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.1.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
tblib==1.7.0
    # via distributed
terminado==0.13.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tomli==2.0.1
    # via black
toolz==0.11.2
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tpot==0.11.7
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   featuretools
    #   kaggle
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   tpot
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   pydantic
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via tpot
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.17.5
    # via rest-model-service
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.4
    # via pandas-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
xgboost==1.5.2
    # via tpot
yellowbrick==1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
zict==2.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
