#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile test_requirements.in
#
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   starlette
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via -r test_requirements.in
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pytype
    #   visions
bandit==1.7.2
    # via -r test_requirements.in
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   click-log
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   safety
    #   uvicorn
click-log==0.2.1
    # via -r test_requirements.in
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
    #   tsfresh
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   radon
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   yellowbrick
dacite==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
dask[array,dataframe]==2023.10.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   tsfresh
deap==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   tpot
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via -r test_requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via -r test_requirements.in
distributed==2023.10.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   tsfresh
dparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   safety
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   anyio
fastapi==0.104.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   rest-model-service
featuretools==1.27.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools-sklearn-transformer
    #   featuretools-sql
    #   featuretools-tsfresh-primitives
featuretools-sklearn-transformer==1.0.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
featuretools-sql==0.0.5
    # via -r test_requirements.in
featuretools-tsfresh-primitives==1.0.2
    # via -r test_requirements.in
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
fonttools==4.44.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fsspec==2023.10.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   dask
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   radon
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.27
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   bandit
greenlet==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
heapdict==1.0.1
    # via -r test_requirements.in
holidays==0.35
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
importlab==0.8
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pytype
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   dask
importlib-resources==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   woodwork
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via -r test_requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   pytype
    #   ydata-profiling
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tpot
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
libcst==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pytype
llvmlite==0.41.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   partd
mando==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   radon
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.7.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via -r test_requirements.in
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pylama
ml-base==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   rest-model-service
msgpack==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   distributed
multimethod==1.10
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   importlab
    #   pytype
    #   visions
ninja==1.10.2.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pytype
numba==0.58.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   stumpy
    #   ydata-profiling
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   deap
    #   featuretools
    #   featuretools-sklearn-transformer
    #   featuretools-sql
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   stumpy
    #   tpot
    #   tsfresh
    #   visions
    #   woodwork
    #   wordcloud
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   dparse
    #   featuretools
    #   matplotlib
    #   safety
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   featuretools
    #   featuretools-sklearn-transformer
    #   featuretools-sql
    #   featuretools-tsfresh-primitives
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   statsmodels
    #   tpot
    #   tsfresh
    #   visions
    #   woodwork
    #   ydata-profiling
partd==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   dask
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   statsmodels
    #   tsfresh
pbr==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   stevedore
phik==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   wordcloud
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools-sql
py==1.11.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pycnite==2023.10.11
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pytype
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pylama
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.13
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   ml-base
    #   ydata-profiling
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pylama
pydot==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pytype
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pylama
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pylama==8.3.7
    # via -r test_requirements.in
pymysql==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools-sql
pyopenssl==23.3.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   pydot
pytest==7.2.2
    # via 
    #   -r test_requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   holidays
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   woodwork
pytype==2023.10.31
    # via -r test_requirements.in
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   imagehash
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   bandit
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   dparse
    #   libcst
    #   rest-model-service
    #   ydata-profiling
radon==5.1.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   safety
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tsfresh
    #   update-checker
    #   ydata-profiling
rest-model-service==0.5.1
    # via -r test_requirements.in
safety==1.10.3
    # via -r test_requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools-sklearn-transformer
    #   tpot
    #   tsfresh
    #   woodwork
    #   yellowbrick
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools
    #   imagehash
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   stumpy
    #   tpot
    #   tsfresh
    #   woodwork
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   mando
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pydocstyle
snowflake-connector-python[pandas]==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   snowflake-sqlalchemy
snowflake-sqlalchemy[pandas]==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools-sql
    #   snowflake-sqlalchemy
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   snowflake-connector-python
sqlalchemy==1.4.50
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools-sql
    #   snowflake-sqlalchemy
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   fastapi
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   tsfresh
    #   ydata-profiling
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   bandit
stopit==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   tpot
stumpy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   tsfresh
tabulate==0.8.10
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   pytype
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   visions
tblib==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   distributed
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   dparse
    #   pytype
tomli==2.0.1
    # via -r test_requirements.in
tomlkit==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   distributed
tpot==0.11.7
    # via -r test_requirements.in
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools
    #   tpot
    #   tsfresh
    #   ydata-profiling
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   matplotlib-inline
tsfresh==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools-tsfresh-primitives
typeguard==4.1.5
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   asgiref
    #   fastapi
    #   libcst
    #   pydantic
    #   pytype
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   typeguard
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   libcst
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   tpot
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
uvicorn==0.23.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   rest-model-service
visions[type-image-path]==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
woodwork==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   featuretools
wordcloud==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
xgboost==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   tpot
ydata-profiling==4.6.0
    # via -r test_requirements.in
yellowbrick==1.5
    # via -r test_requirements.in
zict==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   distributed
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r test_requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
